alright guys whites k for us Lee for
another commentary on trailer park again
and I'm here my friend Hank Hill for a
double commentary yo what up yeah
capture the flag using mp5k because i
just press teach and so what do you feel
about trailer pot i thought it's just a
little bit too cluttered like the inside
of the trailers there's just there's
really no room to run through them and a
little bit a couple of trailers are a
little bit too close I don't know I just
don't like it that much so it's not one
of your favorites on the resurgence know
what would be your favorite then
probably carnival carnival all right try
and get a couple try get club games on
that basis go on what'd you say I like
to set up with health is like pretty
much two main basis and they're like one
way it's just a big neutral area to the
side yeah I like that setup yeah see um
the reason I'm using the mp5 is because
like a few people see my videos I'm sure
most of you have it's like you've seen I
like to I don't I don't I like to be in
the in the action camp in to an extent
but that's a different subject for a
different day but um I like to be close
camping so I'll stick in one area with a
close-range weapon such as the UMP and
I'll take our enemies but I wouldn't I'd
prefer not to be in the open so that
what do you what do you run with when
you when you play on maps like these i
usually use the UMP UMP yeah it's good
close close quarter combat weapon mm-hmm
do a little bit of running gunning mhm
yeah and just like doing stuff like that
would you what do you what perks do you
use mostly um wolf capture the flag I
just use marathon lightweight ninja just
tell me I'm usually doing offense okay
so you're usually a capture them yeah
when it's not capture the flag I'm act
like that probably i do scab
stopping power copy ninja I don't I
usually do a little bit came for myself
too okay see I'm using i think i'm using
sleight of hand stopping power and
steady aim i'm not too sure because it's
not on the screen right now but yeah
this this class seems to work well for
this map especially because you can
hipfire the mp5 with steady aim because
the the reticule it's not too wide open
so I find myself especially maps like
vacant as well I find myself like hip
fire in them from a long ways away but
the most in this video is coming from my
killstreaks which are 5 7 11 I usually
run with nuke as most of you know this
but because I just prestiged I don't
have it what press one what killstreaks
do you like to use for this map um I
usually like to do 5 7 11 5 7 11 yes I
go with um so yeah my hairy right does
gets quite a couple kills on the
airstrike pot but I'm you the most this
video is from my from my chopper gunner
I'd like to I like to spawn trap them in
their spawn when I'm in the chopper
gunner would you prefer a c-130 your
chopper gunner it really just depends on
the map a map like this I would rather
use the chopper gunner if it's just so
easy to spawn trap with that map site
like it's a bigger maps where you can't
really sponsor them as easy Alexei's 81
x ray can't really run away okay but yet
for some reason that i don't know why
but my chopper gunner seems to stay up
longer than usual but um yeah like in
this map anyway but as you saw i'm using
the old now I picked up your because my
mp5 ran out of ammo I don't I don't have
scavenger on because I just proceed so
you gotta try and find yourself picking
up enemy enemy pickups basically you
don't want to em you don't want to be
caught out in the belt in a battlefield
with no ammo on you so that's why I try
and find myself kind of a long-range
weapon that the old kind of it can cover
for both really it's like the most
versatile
LM GI fine what what I'm what would you
would your ideal pickup be if you were
out of ammo and you just killed an enemy
what would you add or pickup be another
UMP or signups probably and a some sort
of assault rifle if you had bling that's
better oh yeah i still get two
attachments yeah I love it when i pick
up lynn when i flip out bling runs right
here i get multi kill with the chopper
gunner it takes like within a second I
get the whole team so I'm up to 27 and
one but the most controversial part of
these videos because the host actually
back out I finish on 29 and once coming
at the end the video right now oh yeah
that's a commentary with y2k frosty and
Hank Hill thanks for watching and
subscribe and see you next time see up
yeah